plan for floating

when looping through text to create inline
boxes, if we come across a replaced element
that is set to float, first try to place the
element on the line. if it can go on the line
then float it. if it has to go on the next line
then move it to the next line and float it.

to float an element, set it's x to the current
float tab for the correct float side.
move the current linebox to the left or right.
add it to the float tab, where appropriate.

for each line box, reduce it's available width
to account for the current vertical float tab.

subtract from the vertical float tab if tab > 0


--------

floating block level elements.
the element will have to become a new box and then
floated as if it was an image. it needs an intrinsic
w/h. i don't know what the w/h will be if it doesn't
have them set via css. probably expand the width to the
width of the containing block.

the plan.


modify the routine which figures out if we are doing a block or inline context
    to skip floated blocks when searching for blocks.

for the inline calculation
    after the isReplaced add a isFloatedBlock() which does basically
    the same thing.
    
    though it's really a block we will create an inlineblockbox which
    is a subclass of inline and contains a reference to the real blockbox
    inside of it.
    
    modify the paint routine to look for isFloatedBlock() and do the same
    thing as isReplaced()

---------

* floating block level elements in a block context :

the element must have an w/h set explicitly or set to the minimum size
modify the test for block context routine to skip floated blocks
modify the layout children in block mode to move floated block to the side
add storage of tabs
add shortening of block via tabs
add decrement tab y for each time through
store a block box for each child in the list of children (already there?)

-----------

floating elements and having the float continue down to the next enclosing
block.

first, we need to store the float tabs in the context
then, when doing translations, the floats need to be translated as well
